Create a Django project and application
You can create a Django project and application using the following command:

django-admin startproject projectname

python manage.py startapp appname

Define the database schema.
You need to define the database schema to store information about users, account balance, transactions, and OTP. You can use Django's built-in ORM to create models for your tables.

Create views and templates
Define the views and templates that will handle the HTTP requests and responses. You can create templates for user login, homepage, transaction history, and balance. You can also create forms for transfer, withdraw, and OTP.

Implement authentication and authorization
Implement authentication and authorization for users to access the application. You can use Django's built-in authentication and authorization framework or a third-party package such as Django REST framework.

Implement transfer with OTP verification
To implement the transfer feature with OTP verification, you need to define a view that will handle the transfer request. This view should first verify the OTP entered by the user using the OTP stored in the database. If the OTP is correct, the view should process the transfer by deducting the transfer amount from the sender's account balance and adding it to the receiver's account balance. Finally, the view should update the transaction history and balance on the dashboard.

Implement withdraw with OTP verification
To implement the withdraw feature, you need to define a view that will handle the withdraw request. This view should first verify the OTP entered by the user using the OTP stored in the database. If the OTP is correct, the view should process the withdraw by deducting the withdraw amount from the user's account balance. Finally, the view should update the transaction history and balance on the dashboard.

Test the application
Once you have implemented all the features, test the application for any bugs or errors. Make sure to test all scenarios for transfer and withdraw and OTP verification.

Again, these are general steps that you can follow to build a Django application that can transfer money, send OTP before confirming/processing the transfer, and withdraw money. You can modify these steps according to your specific requirements and functionality.




Database - digital
user - digital
password - Exitroz9@